Overdue class lectures we worked with page layout and components.
Let's now work with assets.
We load images from the web and there is actually something you do a lot because in your real applications
where maybe users can upload images you're typically stored at on some server like AWOS ESRI some file
server and you just store D you or else to the files in some database and use that you are l in your
application and your view is too loaded loaded through the browser automatically but you sometimes also
have some static assets in your project like in this project.
I want to have a background image here at the top behind my slogan.
And for that I'll go to the essence folder and add images folder and dead images folder is totally optional.
You can name it differently.
You can leave it out.
It's just for organizational purposes in there are copy in the image which I attached to this video.
I pasted it and this is my background image.
Now I want to use that background image in my index of your faults.
And my main page.
Let's go to the index that you follow.
And there I simply want to load it as a background image in my intro section.
I actually already got some styles for the background image.
So now I just need to add background image itself and use a you are able to point to that file.
And now I want to show you how to include static.
SS You don't pass something like dot dot slash essence or something like that.
You can just use Tilda now no slash but directly SS to access this assets folder the tilde itself stands
for the root folder and then your pops in my case images and then the name is called or the name of
the image is main Dasch page dash background dot shape.
In my case now does puffier will be detected by web pack which is used behind the scenes in the build
workflow and it will then automatically search for disk image optimize it and copy it over to your deployment
package so to say and will dive into deployment in a special section at the end of the course so that
the image will be included and if we go back mom here we see it.
So our blog is taking shape.
It's looking better and we can already read you some posts here.
Now there are more components we can add.
Let's dive into this as a next step.